Refactoring of css and js tasks (#33)
netzstrategen/gulp-task-collection: README.md

- `gulp fractal:start`: Start Fractal server (if config path exists in `package.json`)
- `gulp fractal:build`: Build static version of Fractal project

## Options for js/css tasks

> `--minify` | Render additional minified files, suffixed with `.min`. Will be `true` in production builds.

Reviewer: I was [looking at the readme](https://github.com/stefanpl/gulp-task-collection/tree/fix/working-production-build#options-for-jscss-tasks) to read through the options and it looks like the formatting could do with being changed here. 

Maybe this can be a table and also include columns for values and default values

Reviewer 2: I think we can optimize the readme in a separate PR. The proposed changes here are improving the docs a lot already.

Author: - Concat is now `false` by default
- Improved the readme to include an actual table

`--sourcemaps` | Render sourcemaps.
`--fail-after-error` | See the 'Continuous Integration' section for details.

> `--no-concat` | By default, assets are compiled into a single file. Use this flag to keep files invididual.

Author: `--no-concat` and `--concat false` is literally the same thing, both will be parsed by `minimist` to `options.concat = false`. It's just a matter of preference how we declare it in the docs. Feel free to adjust if you prefer another wording here.

> `--no-concat` | By default, assets are compiled into a single file. Use this flag to keep files invididual.

Reviewer: It seems like most projects that are using `gulp-task-collection` are disabling concatenation.

If these changes are released as a 3.0, does it make sense to change the default concat to false?

Reviewer 2: Changing the default to be disabled sounds sensible to me 👍

Author: concat is now `false` by default

> You can pass an `options` object inside `gulpPaths.scripts`/`gulpPaths.styles` in your `package.json` to set options for each respective task.

Reviewer 3: While I can see the benefit in order to be more flexible I wonder if this is actually practicable. Under which circumstances would you need to have the scripts concatenated but the styles?

Author: Actually, this is exactly the kind of behavior we need for bnn right now (which is why I included it):
Our JS files need to be concated, but we rely on the CSS not being concatenated (`fractal.css` is included in the styleguide).
Of course, we could refactor that, but I though it to be more flexible if we can pass any options. It does not really require a lot of additional code (just an additional argument passed to `Object.assign`)

- `gulp fractal:start`: Start Fractal server (if config path exists in `package.json`)
- `gulp fractal:build`: Build static version of Fractal project

## Options for js/css tasks

Option | Effect
:--- | :---

> `--minify` | Render additional minified files, suffixed with `.min`. Will be `true` in production builds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--minify` | Additionally generate minified files, suffixed with `.min`. Defaults to `true` in production builds.
```

> `--sourcemaps` | Render sourcemaps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--sourcemaps` | Add source mappings to compiled files.
```
This should be automatically disabled for production builds. Is that the case already?  If so, then:
```suggestion
`--sourcemaps` | Add source mappings to compiled files. Disabled by default in production builds.
```

> `--fail-after-error` | See the 'Continuous Integration' section for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--fail-after-error` | See section _Continuous Integration_ below for details.
```

> `--concat` | By default, assets are compiled into individual files. Use this flag to concatenate them into a single js/css file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--concat` | Concatenate CSS/JS asset files into a single aggregate file.
```

Reviewer 2: @fabianmarz @wrux @stefanpl Wondering whether we should add an "Upgrading to v3" chapter to the readme (or changelog?) to explain how the invocation needs to be changed in order to keep the previous behavior?

Reviewer: @sun That would help. Also I think we should list the default values for flags when running `build` or `build:production`. It's not clear without looking into the code if `--fail-after-error` is enabled in production.
